Vendor SAML docs (#759)
replicatedhq/help-center: content/guides/vendor-portal-saml/enforcing.md

---
date: "2018-01-30T04:02:20Z"
title: "Enforcing"
description: "Enforcing SAML in the Vendor Portal"
weight: "13005"
categories: [ "Vendor Portal SAML Guide" ]
index: "guides/vendor-portal-saml"
type: "chapter"
gradient: "redToRed"
icon: "replicatedCircle"
---

# SAML Enforcement Options

> Once you have SAML configured, Replicated provides 2 options that can be enabvled or disabled at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have SAML configured, Replicated provides 2 options that can be enabled or disabled at any time.
```

![SAML Enforcement Options](/images/guides/vendor-portal-saml/enforcement-options.png)

## Enable SAML for team logins

> Turning on the "Enable SAML for team logins" toggle will allow members of your team to log in to the Vendor Portal from your SSO provider. This will not remove, change or restrict any other authentication methods you have configured on Replicated. If your team already is logging in with accounts provisioned in Replicated, they will be able to continue logging in this way, if you enable this option. This is a good way to test SAML without risking any interruption for the rest of your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning on the "Enable SAML for team logins" toggle will allow members of your team to log in to the Vendor Portal from your SSO provider. This will not remove, change or restrict any other authentication methods you have configured on Replicated. If you enable this option and your team already is logging in with accounts provisioned in Replicated, they will be able to continue logging in with those accounts. Allowing both login methods is a good way to test SAML without risking any interruption for the rest of your team.
```

## Only allow SAML logins

> Once you've enabled SAML and validated it, you can then turn this feature on. Selecting this will prevent any non-SAML accounts from logging in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've enabled SAML and validated it, you can toggle on "Only allow SAML logins". Selecting this will prevent any non-SAML accounts from logging in.
```
